a little bit those are good you know
hold it right there good job okay if
you're gonna hold on to it when you get
them we need to check always check that
grip in a bikini nicely done
Bob are you busy
can you help Christina you do leave a
casino nicely done
Bob cos Bob's gonna hold on to your
leash Christina you're going to hold the
harness you're going to let them rush in
a little bit good but you're going to
stop the dog where he's about two feet
from the jump
try not to check or anything Bob but try
to gently stop them not drag but I want
to come into loose leash okay grab it
right right here or she loses a finger
he's a working dog today okay bug boy
Bob Conforti leash no better did it hurt
Kenny Bob let me go tell Maria
Loosli job good
once he starts barking Bob then relax
release oh you can do it on his own
space taking Christina there you go
so I want to send them from right here
Bob so she's going to hold the dog leg
right here you're going to have just
enough place you stop them I feel good
one
sorry I should have been more particular
on my direction
okay right there Christine are you ready
I'm sorry let go Jerrica
nicely done and I'd be careful he wasn't
loose the leash was not loose you need
least good two parts for the least
loosen this game is so strong yeah but
if he comes and strong gets a bite right
off the bat it yep can take away from
with the rotational give your whip okay
always have the whip who do you think
you put it in stop right there huh
cinnamon no good job you got to get that
up quicker as I never heard him so good
if you're worried about him getting
cheap when he comes in stand back a
little bit but had to tug out oh I just
like I was just letting him scare me
you're doing good but I don't want him
dick curtains over how would that
incident on I think dick that's right
Christine I want you stay right there
let him go from there that's okay
ready Bob sinem sounds good to me
watch is gonna fail this time hahaha
holy crap